The toughest Game of Thrones trivia quiz in the Seven Kingdoms (Spoilers Ahoy!)

1. What does "Valar morghulis" mean?

"All men must die."

2. Tyrion once told Cersei she has two redeeming qualities: Her love of her children, and her…...

... Cheekbones.

3. Speaking of! What are the official words of House Lannister?

"Hear Me Roar"

4. What was the name of Robb Stark's direwolf?

Grey Wind.

5. Bran was named after this legendary Stark ancestor.

Brandon the Builder.

6. What was the name of the Stark ancestral sword?

Ice

7. How many characters that we've seen on the TV show have blades of Valyrian steel at the end of Season 5?

Three. (Brienne of Tarth has Oathkeeper, Jon Snow wields Longclaw, and Tommen Baratheon inherited Joffrey's Widow's Wail.)


8. Name the three locations that have appeared in the opening credits sequence of every episode of "Game of Thrones."

Winterfell, King's Landing, and the Wall.


9. For one of the big roles on the show, George R.R. Martin and the show's producers had to audition only one actor...

Peter Dinklage, for the role of Tyrion.


10. Kit Harington won the role of Jon Snow, but this other actor who also read for the part ended up as this evil character.

Iwan Rheon as Ramsay Bolton.


11. What was Jorah Mormont's father's name and job?

Jeor Mormont, Lord Commander of the Night's Watch.


12. Who were the three children of the Mad King?

Daenerys, Viserys, and Rhaegar.


13. What are the names of the Seven Kingdoms?

The Seven Kingdoms of Westeros are the Kingdom of the North, the Kingdom of the Storm, the Kingdom of the Mountain and Vale, the Kingdom of the Rock, the Kingdom of the Isles and Rivers, the Kingdom of the Reach, and Dorne.


14. Fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva is the name of a real-life disease that inspired this Game of Thrones illness.

Greyscale. (As seen on the Stone Men of Old Valyria, Jorah Mormont, and Shireen Baratheon)


15. What is the proper name of the Lord of Light?

R'hllor.


16. Which character has been brought back from death on more than one occasion?

Beric Dondarrion. (From Brotherhood Without Banners)


17. Name at least three of the seven Old Gods.

The Father, the Mother, the Maiden, the Crone, the Smith, the Warrior, and the Stranger.


18. What is the motto of House Greyjoy?

"We Do Not Sow"


19. What does it mean to "pay the iron price," as the Greyjoys are fond of saying?

To murder someone in order to take something that belongs to them.


